Original:     how you do dem lol smiley ass bitches on an iPhone?
Contraction: how you do dem lol smiley ass bitches on an iphone?
Expansion:   how you do dem lol smiley ass bitches on an iphone?

Original:    the app is called emoji
Contraction: the app is called emoji
Expansion:   the app is called emoji

Original:    Oh, I guess il have to get that when I get home :p
Contraction: Oh, I guess I'll have to get that when I get home :p
Expansion:   Oh, I guess I will have to get that when I get home :p

Original:    you got it?!
Contraction: you got it?!
Expansion:   you got it?!

Original:    An iPhone 4!
Contraction: An iphone 4!
Expansion:   An iphone 4!

Original:    Biooooooooootch
Contraction: Biooooooooootch
Expansion:   Biooooooooootch

Original:    WHATTTTTT
Contraction: WHATTTTTT
Expansion:   WHATTTTTT

Original:    You know dad right!
Contraction: You know dad right!
Expansion:   You know dad right!

Original:    that makes me all kinds of excited!
Contraction: that makes me all kinds of excited!
Expansion:   that makes me all kinds of excited!

Original:    Dawg you have no idea! And I gots unlimited  3G! Dat means Netflix on da bus!
Contraction: Dawg you have no idea! And I gots unlimited 3G! Dat means Netflix on da bus!
Expansion:   Dawg you have no idea! And I gots unlimited 3G! Dat means Netflix on da bus!

Original:    that's awesome!
Contraction: that's awesome!
Expansion:   that is awesome!

Original:    Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaj
Contraction: Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaj
Expansion:   Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaj

Original:    dude the party got cancelled haha
Contraction: dude the party got cancelled haha
Expansion:   dude the party got cancelled haha

Original:    Oh that totally blows, no action for you (
;p
Contraction: Oh that totally blows, no action for you (
;p
Expansion:   Oh that totally blows, no action for you (
;p

Original:    so when are you gonna get your ipad?
Contraction: so when are you gonna get your ipad?
Expansion:   so when are you going to get your ipad?

Original:    Weeeeeeeeeeeeellll... This is awkward BBBUUUTTT... I kind of got an iPhone 4 Instead! I hope I'm still valued as a bus partner ;p
Contraction: Weeeeeeeeeeeeellll... This is awkward BBBUUUTTT... I kind of got an iphone 4 Instead! I hope I'm still valued as a bus partner ;p
Expansion:   Weeeeeeeeeeeeellll... This is awkward BBBUUUTTT... I kind of got an iphone 4 Instead! I hope I am still valued as a bus partner ;p

Original:    gahhh I'm so jealousssssss! you suck.
Contraction: gahhh I'm so jealousssssss! you suck.
Expansion:   gahhh I am so jealousssssss! you suck.

Original:    Sooooooooooooo... I'm guessing that I am still valued as a bus partner then ;p (score!) yeah I'm all kindsa pleased with myself!
Contraction: Sooooooooooooo... I'm guessing that I am still valued as a bus partner then ;p (score!) yeah I'm all kindsa pleased with myself!
Expansion:   Sooooooooooooo... I am guessing that I am still valued as a bus partner then ;p (score!) yeah I am all kindsa pleased with myself!

Original:    where did you get the iphone? since there was long line...and aren't they coming out with a new version pretty soon?
Contraction: where did you get the iphone? since there was long line...and aren't they coming out with a new version pretty soon?
Expansion:   where did you get the iphone? since there was long line...and are not they coming out with a new version pretty soon?

Original:    haha nah it's cool we're gonna hang out at eli's
Contraction: haha nah it's cool we're gonna hang out at eli's
Expansion:   haha nah it is cool we are going to hang out at eli's

Original:    I went to a Verizon store! It was quick! Yeah, probably around july
Contraction: I went to a Verizon store! It was quick! Yeah, probably around july
Expansion:   I went to a Verizon store! It was quick! Yeah, probably around july

Original:    And get jggy wit it!
Contraction: And get jggy wit it!
Expansion:   And get jggy wit it!

Original:    :P
Contraction: :P
Expansion:   :P

Original:    I'm still super jealous. we are gonna send claire SO MANY SMILEY FACES!
Contraction: I'm still super jealous. we are gonna send claire SO MANY SMILEY FACES!
Expansion:   I am still super jealous. we are going to send claire SO MANY SMILEY FACES!

Original:    Holy shit! You all kindsa right! We gotta send her all if the characters!
Contraction: Holy shit! You all kindsa right! We gotta send her all if the characters!
Expansion:   Holy shit! You all kindsa right! We gotta send her all if the characters!

Original:    have you downloaded a bunch of apps yet?
Contraction: have you downloaded a bunch of apps yet?
Expansion:   have you downloaded a bunch of apps yet?

Original:    I am in da process now! Haha, but I have unlimited 3g, so we can watch Netflix ON DA BUS!
Contraction: I am in da process now! Haha, but I have unlimited 3g, so we can watch Netflix ON DA BUS!
Expansion:   I am in da process now! Haha, but I have unlimited 3g, so we can watch Netflix ON DA BUS!

Original:    oh that's awesome! we're gonna be allll over that
Contraction: oh that's awesome! we're gonna be allll over that
Expansion:   oh that is awesome! we are going to be allll over that

Original:    Alllll ober dat sheeeeeeeit! Hey, when you wantn a brotha to make dem lil ass reservations?
Contraction: Alllll ober dat sheeeeeeeit! Hey, when you wantn a brotha to make dem lil ass reservations?
Expansion:   Alllll ober dat sheeeeeeeit! Hey, when you wantn a brotha to make dem lil ass reservations?

Original:    oooh right! I'll check when the test ends now
Contraction: oooh right! I'll check when the test ends now
Expansion:   oooh right! I will check when the test ends now

Original:    Cool!
Contraction: Cool!
Expansion:   Cool!

Original:    it's supposed to end between 12:30 and 1, so how about 2 or 2:30?
Contraction: it's supposed to end between 12:30 and 1, so how about 2 or 2:30?
Expansion:   it is supposed to end between 12:30 and 1, so how about 2 or 2:30?

Original:    Dat sounds good to me! What time do you have to be at to "dinner party"? Haha
Contraction: Dat sounds good to me! What time do you have to be at to "dinner party"? Haha
Expansion:   Dat sounds good to me! What time do you have to be at to "dinner party"? Haha

Original:    I think ali said 5:30, but I don't really care about being on time haha
Contraction: I think ali said 5:30, but I don't really care about being on time haha
Expansion:   I think ali said 5:30, but I do not really care about being on time haha

Original:    Haha aight! Hey I downloaded FRIIUIITTTT NINJAAAA!
Contraction: Haha aight! Hey I downloaded FRIIUIITTTT NINJAAAA!
Expansion:   Haha aight! Hey I downloaded FRIIUIITTTT NINJAAAA!

Original:    yesssss! I'm a boss at slicing fruit!
Contraction: yesssss! I'm a boss at slicing fruit!
Expansion:   yesssss! I am a boss at slicing fruit!

Original:    Man you Gunna rape me!
Contraction: Man you Gonna rape me!
Expansion:   Man you Going to rape me!

Original:    I gotta get good soon!
Contraction: I gotta get good soon!
Expansion:   I gotta get good soon!

Original:    hahaha I'm not actually that good. I can't beat my dad's high score and it drives me crazy!
Contraction: hahaha I'm not actually that good. I can't beat my dad's high score and it drives me crazy!
Expansion:   hahaha I am not actually that good. I cannot beat my dad's high score and it drives me crazy!

Original:    Hahaha well you can practice and then go all Jackie chan on his scores ass!
Contraction: Hahaha well you can practice and then go all Jackie chan on his scores ass!
Expansion:   Hahaha well you can practice and then go all Jackie chan on his scores ass!

Original:    yess! and I can become the sensei of fruit ninja!
I'm gonna go to bed now, got to get those 8 hours before the sats! see you tomorrow :)
Contraction: yess! and I can become the sensei of fruit ninja!
i'm gonna go to bed now, got to get those 8 hours before the sats! see you tomorrow :)
Expansion:   yess! and I can become the sensei of fruit ninja!
i'm going to go to bed now, got to get those 8 hours before the sats! see you tomorrow :)

Original:    You know dad right! And aight! Good luck tomorrow! Goodnight! 
Contraction: You know dad right! And aight! Good luck tomorrow! Goodnight!
Expansion:   You know dad right! And aight! Good luck tomorrow! Goodnight!

Original:    You need to get the app "tiny wings" IT'S INCREDIBLE!
Contraction: You need to get the app "tiny wings" IT'S INCREDIBLE!
Expansion:   You need to get the app "tiny wings" IT IS INCREDIBLE!

Original:    I have to tell you what happened last night.
Contraction: I have to tell you what happened last night.
Expansion:   I have to tell you what happened last night.

Original:    Wha?
Contraction: Wha?
Expansion:   Wha?

Original:    well seeing as I was in powhatan the service wasn't so good. so after me not responding to her texts or calls she called Sidneys parents because that's w
Contraction: well seeing as I was in powhatan the service wasn't so good. so after me not responding to her texts or calls she called Sidneys parents because that's w
Expansion:   well seeing as I was in powhatan the service was not so good. so after me not responding to her texts or calls she called Sidneys parents because that is w

Original:    ho I said I was with. finally Sidney got a hold of me by calling Henry but meanwhile my mom had called Nicholas's parents too. so long story short I had 
Contraction: ho I said I was with. finally Sidney got a hold of me by calling Henry but meanwhile my mom had called Nicholas's parents too. so long story short I had
Expansion:   ho I said I was with. finally Sidney got a hold of me by calling Henry but meanwhile my mom had called Nicholas's parents too. so long story short I had

Original:    to come home.
Contraction: to come home.
Expansion:   to come home.

Original:    Oh, oucccchhhh, are you in trouble?
Contraction: Oh, oucccchhhh, are you in trouble?
Expansion:   Oh, oucccchhhh, are you in trouble?

Original:    yes. but it's better than me being at a random party haha. I told her that Eli's parents were home, and just apologized over and over. I have no idea wha
Contraction: yes. but it's better than me being at a random party haha. I told her that Eli's parents were home, and just apologized over and over. I have no idea wha
Expansion:   yes. but it is better than me being at a random party haha. I told her that Eli's parents were home, and just apologized over and over. I have no idea wha

Original:    t my punishment will be
Contraction: t my punishment will be
Expansion:   t my punishment will be

Original:    So basically she found out that you lied to her?
Contraction: So basically she found out that you lied to her?
Expansion:   So basically she found out that you lied to her?

Original:    yeah
Contraction: yeah
Expansion:   yeah

Original:    Ouch! Well do you think that you will just get grounded? But seriously, you need to get this game while you still can, ( cause I mean if your mom take your phone away then you are gunna be deprived of the best game .99 can buy)!
Contraction: Ouch! Well do you think that you will just get grounded? But seriously, you need to get this game while you still can, ( cause I mean if your mom take your phone away then you are gonna be deprived of the best game .99 can buy)!
Expansion:   Ouch! Well do you think that you will just get grounded? But seriously, you need to get this game while you still can, ( cause I mean if your mom take your phone away then you are going to be deprived of the best game .99 can buy)!

Original:    Jake. are you serious right now? I'm KIND OF freaking out a little
Contraction: Jake. are you serious right now? I'm KIND OF freaking out a little
Expansion:   Jake. are you serious right now? I am KIND OF freaking out a little

Original:    Haha yes and no, yes it is the best game ever ( there is really no denying it) but no, this probably isn't the best time to be focusing on awesome games :(
Contraction: Haha yes and no, yes it is the best game ever ( there is really no denying it) but no, this probably isn't the best time to be focusing on awesome games :(
Expansion:   Haha yes and no, yes it is the best game ever ( there is really no denying it) but no, this probably is not the best time to be focusing on awesome games :(

Original:    does that make you feel better?
Contraction: does that make you feel better?
Expansion:   does that make you feel better?

Original:    yes! haha but dude eli is sketching out, I really need him to pretend to be his dad
Contraction: yes! haha but dude eli is sketching out, I really need him to pretend to be his dad
Expansion:   yes! haha but dude eli is sketching out, I really need him to pretend to be his dad

Original:    Hahaha does he not want to? 
Contraction: Hahaha does he not want to?
Expansion:   Hahaha does he not want to?

Original:    he thinks he's gonna fuck it up and I don't want him to do it if he's not confident. I think I'm gonna ask Kyle. apparently he's really good at that kind
Contraction: he thinks he's gonna fuck it up and I don't want him to do it if he's not confident. I think I'm gonna ask Kyle. apparently he's really good at that kind
Expansion:   he thinks he is going to fuck it up and I do not want him to do it if he is not confident. I think I am going to ask Kyle. apparently he is really good at that kind

Original:     of thing
Contraction: of thing
Expansion:   of thing

Original:    Yeah that might work, just be careful, cause if that goes wrong... :/
Contraction: Yeah that might work, just be careful, cause if that goes wrong... :/
Expansion:   Yeah that might work, just be careful, cause if that goes wrong... :/

Original:    ughhh this is suchh a disaster. I can't tell her Eli's parents werent home because then she'll find their real phone number and eli will be in major trouble too
Contraction: ughhh this is suchh a disaster. I can't tell her Eli's parents weren't home because then she'll find their real phone number and eli will be in major trouble too
Expansion:   ughhh this is suchh a disaster. I cannot tell her Eli's parents were not home because then she will find their real phone number and eli will be in major trouble too

Original:    Dude, what would happen if you just strait up told her?
Contraction: Dude, what would happen if you just strait up told her?
Expansion:   Dude, what would happen if you just strait up told her?

Original:    she would call Eli's parents and all of us would be screwed
Contraction: she would call Eli's parents and all of us would be screwed
Expansion:   she would call Eli's parents and all of us would be screwed

Original:    Daaaaaaaaaaamn, you All kindsa right :/ well you have any idea whatchu bouta do?
Contraction: Daaaaaaaaaaamn, you All kindsa right :/ well you have any idea whatchu bouta do?
Expansion:   Daaaaaaaaaaamn, you All kindsa right :/ well you have any idea whatchu bouta do?

Original:    idk I mean kyle's pretty good at stuff like that, but I don't know if he'll be down to do it and he's in his SAT right now
Contraction: idk I mean kyle's pretty good at stuff like that, but I don't know if he'll be down to do it and he's in his SAT right now
Expansion:   idk I mean kyle's pretty good at stuff like that, but I do not know if he will be down to do it and he is in his SAT right now

Original:    Well it gets out around 1230, you should say that eli said they be working, and he will have a break to talk to u later this afternoon
Contraction: Well it gets out around 1230, you should say that eli said they be working, and he will have a break to talk to u later this afternoon
Expansion:   Well it gets out around 1230, you should say that eli said they be working, and he will have a break to talk to u later this afternoon

Original:    well she's not home right now and shouldn't be for a while so I have some time
Contraction: well she's not home right now and shouldn't be for a while so I have some time
Expansion:   well she is not home right now and should not be for a while so I have some time

Original:    Then it will all be good, does she not know Kyle?
Contraction: Then it will all be good, does she not know Kyle?
Expansion:   Then it will all be good, does she not know Kyle?

Original:    no she's never met Kyle
Contraction: no she's never met Kyle
Expansion:   no she is never met Kyle

Original:    Well then you gots good odds! 
Contraction: Well then you gots good odds!
Expansion:   Well then you gots good odds!

Original:    yeaah, man I really fucked up. haha this sucks
Contraction: yeaah, man I really fucked up. haha this sucks
Expansion:   yeaah, man I really fucked up. haha this sucks

Original:    Well next Friday we can just go to figure drawing erythang can be cool!
Contraction: Well next Friday we can just go to figure drawing erythang can be cool!
Expansion:   Well next Friday we can just go to figure drawing erythang can be cool!

Original:    oh crap! I can't because I'm going to camp :/
Contraction: oh crap! I can't because I'm going to camp :/
Expansion:   oh crap! I cannot because I am going to camp :/

Original:    Oh, das all good then!
Contraction: Oh, das all good then!
Expansion:   Oh, das all good then!

Original:    yeah but that means we defffinitely have to go the weekend after
Contraction: yeah but that means we defffinitely have to go the weekend after
Expansion:   yeah but that means we defffinitely have to go the weekend after

Original:    Scrate up!
Contraction: Scrate up!
Expansion:   Scrate up!

Original:    Oh, and let me know how it goes!

Contraction: Oh, and let me know how it goes!

Expansion:   Oh, and let me know how it goes!


Original:    yeeeah, will do :/
Contraction: yeeeah, will do :/
Expansion:   yeeeah, will do :/

Original:    I'm gonna tell my mom the truth about Eli's parents not being there. way better for me to be honest then risk it
Contraction: I'm gonna tell my mom the truth about Eli's parents not being there. way better for me to be honest then risk it
Expansion:   I am going to tell my mom the truth about Eli's parents not being there. way better for me to be honest then risk it

Original:    Das prolly true! Do u think she will be cool and keep it to herself?
Contraction: Das prolly true! Do u think she will be cool and keep it to herself?
Expansion:   Das prolly true! Do u think she will be cool and keep it to herself?

Original:    probs. I think she cares more about me being honest then getting my friends in trouble
Contraction: probs. I think she cares more about me being honest then getting my friends in trouble
Expansion:   probs. I think she cares more about me being honest then getting my friends in trouble

Original:    I'm so bummed though, phil and I barely got to hang out :/
Contraction: I'm so bummed though, phil and I barely got to hang out :/
Expansion:   I am so bummed though, phil and I barely got to hang out :/

Original:    See, das some good ass decision makin!
Contraction: See, das some good ass decision makin!
Expansion:   See, das some good ass decision makin!

Original:    When us y'all gunna be daficial?
Contraction: When us y'all gonna be daficial?
Expansion:   When us you all going to be daficial?

Original:    hahaha I'm so glad i can understand that text. I dunno! I'm not really worryin about it, we kind of act like we are anyways
Contraction: hahaha I'm so glad i can understand that text. I dunno! I'm not really worryin about it, we kind of act like we are anyways
Expansion:   hahaha I am so glad i can understand that text. I dunno! I am not really worryin about it, we kind of act like we are anyways

Original:    Yeah, well if you guys is happy den das good
Contraction: Yeah, well if you guys is happy den das good
Expansion:   Yeah, well if you guys is happy den das good

Original:    yeah that's what I'm sayin
Contraction: yeah that's what I'm sayin
Expansion:   yeah that is what I am sayin

Original:    just told my mom, she said "ok I'm glad you told me"
Contraction: just told my mom, she said "ok I'm glad you told me"
Expansion:   just told my mom, she said "ok I am glad you told me"

Original:    Yay! See dat went well!!!!
Contraction: Yay! See dat went well!!!!
Expansion:   Yay! See dat went well!!!!

Original:    yeah, I feel a LOT better
Contraction: yeah, I feel a LOT better
Expansion:   yeah, I feel a LOT better

Original:    Hey! So I feel kinda bad (I have a soar throat and a bit of a stuffy nose), but I'm still down for the VMFA If you are (otherwise I would be at home workin on dis dumb drawing :()! I just wanted to let you know cause I don't want to get you sick! So it's yo choice :)
Contraction: Hey! So I feel kinda bad (I have a soar throat and a bit of a stuffy nose), but I'm still down for the VMFA If you are (otherwise I would be at home workin on dis dumb drawing :()! I just wanted to let you know cause I don't want to get you sick! So it's yo choice :)
Expansion:   Hey! So I feel kinda bad (I have a soar throat and a bit of a stuffy nose), but I am still down for the VMFA If you are (otherwise I would be at home workin on dis dumb drawing :()! I just wanted to let you know cause I do not want to get you sick! So it is yo choice :)

Original:    Hahaha I bet so! So does that mean that you have to cut back on da parties for a while?
Contraction: Hahaha I bet so! So does that mean that you have to cut back on da parties for a while?
Expansion:   Hahaha I bet so! So does that mean that you have to cut back on da parties for a while?

Original:    I'm still down for going, but if you feel sick we can easily go another day since we're members!
Contraction: I'm still down for going, but if you feel sick we can easily go another day since we're members!
Expansion:   I am still down for going, but if you feel sick we can easily go another day since we are members!

Original:    yeeeeah that's probably the wise thing to do haha
Contraction: yeeeeah that's probably the wise thing to do haha
Expansion:   yeeeeah that is probably the wise thing to do haha

Original:    I'm pretty sure she's about to really crack down
Contraction: I'm pretty sure she's about to really crack down
Expansion:   I am pretty sure she is about to really crack down

Original:    we could just go another day when I don't have to go eat junk food and spend more time at the vmfa, if you want!
Contraction: we could just go another day when I don't have to go eat junk food and spend more time at the vmfa, if you want!
Expansion:   we could just go another day when I do not have to go eat junk food and spend more time at the vmfa, if you want!

Original:    Hahaha your gunna be sicker than me after tonight! Imean I'm cool going or not goin really, I just wanna see you haha
Contraction: Hahaha your gonna be sicker than me after tonight! Imean I'm cool going or not goin really, I just wanna see you haha
Expansion:   Hahaha your going to be sicker than me after tonight! Imean I am cool going or not goin really, I just want to see you haha

Original:    Well you will be 18 in like... 9 mos.
Contraction: Well you will be 18 in like... 9 mos.
Expansion:   Well you will be 18 in like... 9 mos.

Original:    okayy well I'm up for either! what time did you reserve spots for?
Contraction: okayy well I'm up for either! what time did you reserve spots for?
Expansion:   okayy well I am up for either! what time did you reserve spots for?

